to everything there is a season a time
to everything there is a season a time for every purpose under heaven
for every purpose under heaven
for every purpose under heaven a time to be born and a time to die a
a time to be born and a time to die a
a time to be born and a time to die a time to plant and a time to pluck what
time to plant and a time to pluck what
time to plant and a time to pluck what is planted a time to kill and a time to
is planted a time to kill and a time to
is planted a time to kill and a time to heal a time to break down and a time to
heal a time to break down and a time to
heal a time to break down and a time to build up a time to weep and a time to
build up a time to weep and a time to
build up a time to weep and a time to laugh a time to mourn and a time to
laugh a time to mourn and a time to
laugh a time to mourn and a time to dance a time to cast away stones and a
dance a time to cast away stones and a
dance a time to cast away stones and a time to gather stones a time to embrace
time to gather stones a time to embrace
time to gather stones a time to embrace and a time to refrain from embracing a
and a time to refrain from embracing a
and a time to refrain from embracing a time to gain and a time to lose a time
time to gain and a time to lose a time
time to gain and a time to lose a time to keep and a time to throw away a time
to keep and a time to throw away a time
to keep and a time to throw away a time to tear and a time to sew a time to keep
to tear and a time to sew a time to keep
to tear and a time to sew a time to keep silence and a time to speak
silence and a time to speak
silence and a time to speak a time to love and a time to hate a time
a time to love and a time to hate a time
a time to love and a time to hate a time of war and a time of peace what profits
of war and a time of peace what profits
of war and a time of peace what profits has a worker from that in which he
has a worker from that in which he
has a worker from that in which he Labor's I have seen the god-given tasks
Labor's I have seen the god-given tasks
Labor's I have seen the god-given tasks with which the sons of men are to be
with which the sons of men are to be
with which the sons of men are to be occupied he has made everything
occupied he has made everything
occupied he has made everything beautiful in his time also he has put
beautiful in his time also he has put
beautiful in his time also he has put eternity in their hearts except that no
eternity in their hearts except that no
eternity in their hearts except that no one can find out the work that God does
one can find out the work that God does
one can find out the work that God does from beginning to end I know that
from beginning to end I know that
from beginning to end I know that nothing is better for them than to
nothing is better for them than to
nothing is better for them than to rejoice and to do good in their lives
rejoice and to do good in their lives
rejoice and to do good in their lives and also that every man should eat and
and also that every man should eat and
and also that every man should eat and drink and enjoy the good of all his
drink and enjoy the good of all his
drink and enjoy the good of all his labour it is the gift of God I know that
labour it is the gift of God I know that
labour it is the gift of God I know that whatever God does it shall be forever
whatever God does it shall be forever
whatever God does it shall be forever nothing can be added to it and nothing
nothing can be added to it and nothing
nothing can be added to it and nothing taken from it God does it that man
taken from it God does it that man
taken from it God does it that man should fear before him that which is has
should fear before him that which is has
should fear before him that which is has already been and what is to be has
already been and what is to be has
already been and what is to be has already been and God requires an account
already been and God requires an account
already been and God requires an account of what is past
of what is past
of what is past moreover I saw Under the Sun in the
moreover I saw Under the Sun in the
moreover I saw Under the Sun in the place of judgments wickedness was there
place of judgments wickedness was there
place of judgments wickedness was there and in the place of righteousness
and in the place of righteousness
and in the place of righteousness iniquity was there I said in my heart
iniquity was there I said in my heart
iniquity was there I said in my heart God shall judge the righteous and the
God shall judge the righteous and the
God shall judge the righteous and the wicked for there is a time there for
wicked for there is a time there for
wicked for there is a time there for every purpose and for every word I said
every purpose and for every word I said
every purpose and for every word I said in my heart concerning the condition of
in my heart concerning the condition of
in my heart concerning the condition of the sons of men God tests them that they
the sons of men God tests them that they
the sons of men God tests them that they may see that they themselves are like
may see that they themselves are like
may see that they themselves are like animals for what happens to the sons of
animals for what happens to the sons of
animals for what happens to the sons of men also happens to animals
men also happens to animals
men also happens to animals one thing the Falls them as one dies so
one thing the Falls them as one dies so
one thing the Falls them as one dies so dies the other surely they all have one
dies the other surely they all have one
dies the other surely they all have one breath man has no advantage over animals
breath man has no advantage over animals
breath man has no advantage over animals for all is vanity all go to one place
for all is vanity all go to one place
for all is vanity all go to one place all are from the dust and all returned
all are from the dust and all returned
all are from the dust and all returned to dust who knows the spirit of the sons
to dust who knows the spirit of the sons
to dust who knows the spirit of the sons of men which goes upward and the spirit
of men which goes upward and the spirit
of men which goes upward and the spirit of the animal which goes down to the
of the animal which goes down to the
of the animal which goes down to the earth
earth
earth so I perceived that nothing is better
so I perceived that nothing is better
so I perceived that nothing is better than that a man should rejoice in his
than that a man should rejoice in his
than that a man should rejoice in his own works for that is his heritage for
own works for that is his heritage for
own works for that is his heritage for who can bring him to see what will
who can bring him to see what will
who can bring him to see what will happen after him
[Music]
[Music] you